WebsitePanel.Server.Mono
====================

This is the Mono Version of WebsitePanel.Server. Everything in this Project is autogenerated from WebsitePanel.Server, so if you want to
change anything, you'll have to do it in WebsitePanel.Server and use *#if Net* for Windows specific stuff and *#if Mono* for Mono specific
stuff. All the .asmx Webservices in WebsitePanel.Server that *don't have an #if Net tag* are copied and autogenerated to the Folder NoWSE
with commented out references to Microsoft.Web.Services3 and related stuff, so all the webservices have two versions, on for WSE and the
same without WSE in the folder NoWSE. 

WebsitePanel.Server.Mono then just copies everything from WebsitePanel.Server, and compiles everything (also needed Provider projects) with Mono's XBuild.
Currently, there are some issues with XBuild, in that it returns an error when there was nothing to compile because everything was up to date, causing
the build.xml to think there was an error and to stop.

WebsitePanel.Server.Client
===================

WebsitePanel.Server.Client uses a similar autogenerate approach, to autogenerate two proxies, one for WSE and one for the NonWSE version
from all ordinary proxy classes in the project, *not containing #if Net* generated by WseWsdl3.exe. The base class for all generated proxies is
ServiceProxyBase and it maintains the two version of the proxies.

## What's working now
Currently the Mono Server can be used to manage Linux & Mac BIND, PowerDNS & MySQL servers. As there is no encryption of the
non WSE SOAP messages one has to either use https or only servers behind a firewall.

TODO
=====

- Encryption for non WSE services, at least of the settings SOAP header.
- Provider IsIntalled Mono versions for ServU, IceWarp, Merak, Merak10, AWStats, SmarterStats.
- RPM and Debian packages in WebsitePanel.Installer.Mono.
- Smarter caching of AutoDiscovery.SupportsWSE for servers in ServiceProxyBase in WebsitePanel.Server.Client.
- Adaptions to Portal for Linux Servers.

### Future TODO to enable for Linux webhosting:
- OS Provider for Linux
- Apache Webserver Provider
- Some WebPI provider for Linux.

### Even more future TODO:
- EntityFramework port of EnterpriseServer, so it runs on Mono. This way, WebsitePanel could be used also as a pure Linux webhosting panel.
